add orbit start command (#615)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: arbitrum-docs/launch-orbit-chain/how-tos/customize-precompile.mdx

Next, build Nitro by following steps 3-7 of the instructions in [How to build Nitro locally](/node-running/how-tos/build-nitro-locally). Note that if you've already built the Docker image, you still need run the last step to rebuild.

> Run Nitro by following the instructions (Note the instructions in [How to run a full node](/node-running/how-tos/running-a-full-node#putting-it-all-together) cann't start orbit node):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run Nitro by following the instructions (note the instructions provided in [How to run a full node](/node-running/how-tos/running-a-full-node#putting-it-all-together) cannot be used to start an Orbit node):
```

> Run Nitro by following the instructions (Note the instructions in [How to run a full node](/node-running/how-tos/running-a-full-node#putting-it-all-together) cann't start orbit node):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Run Nitro with the following command:
```

Proposed change. It feels weird to link to a page when we're saying that you can't use the information in that page. Maybe we could add a link below the command with something like "for additional, optional parameters see [How to run a full node](/node-running/how-tos/running-a-full-node#optional-parameters)".
What do you think?

Next, build Nitro by following steps 3-7 of the instructions in [How to build Nitro locally](/node-running/how-tos/build-nitro-locally). Note that if you've already built the Docker image, you still need run the last step to rebuild.

Run Nitro with the following command:

```shell
docker run --rm -it  -v /some/local/dir/arbitrum:/home/user/.arbitrum -p 0.0.0.0:8547:8547 -p 0.0.0.0:8548:8548 @latestOrbitNodeImage@ --parent-chain.connection.url=<YourParentChainUrl> --chain.id=<YourOrbitChainId> --http.api=net,web3,eth,debug --http.corsdomain=* --http.addr=0.0.0.0 --http.vhosts=*
```

:::info

> Note that the instructions provided in [How to run a full node](/node-running/how-tos/running-a-full-node) **will not** work with your Orbit node, but the flags in [Command-line options](/node-running/command-line-options) **will**.

Reviewer 2: Ohhh, it looks great!
One thing to note is that some of the command line options will not work with the Orbit node. We could replace them with these [optional parameters](https://nitro-docs-git-add-orbit-command-offchain-labs.vercel.app/node-running/how-tos/running-a-full-node#optional-parameters) for example. They will work and they might be useful for users 💪

Reviewer 3: Ty @TucksonDev - https://github.com/OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs/pull/620 is an attempt to address this
